# kaur4309A3
Create a new Angular project called yourLoginNameA3 / This mobile assignment will need to be formatted for landscape view only. See New Project-DefaultSetup for a review of how to start a new project with class defaults  Create a header component and a footer component Format both header and footer components (tags to be used; ex. h1 and h3) to the same formatting in regard to background and text colour plus any other formatting of your choice; You can format each .css for header and footer or use the styles.css to create global styles for your tags  Create a file called yourLoginName.ts in the app folder. In this file, create a class called YourLoginName that includes the following definition with your choice of label and type (see student.ts file in our in-class example as a reference): Your student number, your name, your login name, your campus, and assignment title In both the header and footer component .ts files, import and create a variable to fill in the class data with your information. Note: For this assignment, you will duplicate the data in the header and footer components; we will learn later how to set it once and use in multiple components In the header component html file, use string interpolation from your personal class data to display assignment title / your name in an HTML header tag (not hard-coded). In the footer component html file, use string interpolation from your personal class data to display your name / your student number / your login name / your campus in an HTML header tag (not hard-coded) Note: You may need to stop the node server and start up again after creating a class. Use Ctrl+C to terminate batch job then "ng serve" again after class file is created. Be sure to update your app.component.html with the components you want to display  Create another .ts (example: bookInfo.ts) file in your app folder to hold another class for books that will include the following definition (your choice of file name and class name): book name / author / book genre (ex. Biography, Mystery, etc.) / year published / picture Create a data file (hard-coded) called myBooks.ts. Create data for 4 of your favourite books with the data from the class created (use myClasses.ts in our in-class exercise for reference) Note: Pictures will need to be included in the images folder created for the default setup. The picture itself can be anything you want. Create a component called YourLoginName (this will be your actual login name). Create a structure using a grid-area for Landscape Mode to include a navigation section under the header that goes across the screen then 2 areas (one on the left and one on the right) under the navigation section. One side will hold a picture and the other will hold the book details (your choice of how details are displayed). Be sure to import your book data into the yourloginname.component.ts and setup a variable to hold the data (see class-list.component.ts in our in-class project for reference) In the yourloginname.component.html, setup a directive (*ngFor) to create 4 buttons in the nav section; be sure to include an index so you can capture which is selected so you can display detail data and the picture from the data file based on the button clicked; also be sure to include a (click) event to call a function to find correct book data. Be sure one of your books is displayed as a default on start-up.
